The Batch | DeepLearning.AI | AI News & Insights ✨ New course! Enroll in Agent Skills with Anthropic Explore Courses AI Newsletter The Batch Andrew's Letter Data Points ML Research Blog ✨ AI Dev x SF 26 Community Forum Events Ambassadors Ambassador Spotlight Resources Membership Start Learning What Matters in AI Right Now Subscribe First Name Last Name Where do you live? Select a country What is your role? Please select Keep me updated on the latest news, events, and courses Subscribe 🗞️   Stay updated with weekly AI News and Insights delivered to your inbox Weekly Issues Andrew's Letters Data Points ML Research Business Science Culture Hardware AI Careers About Jan 30, 2026 Agents Go Shopping, Intelligence Redefined, Better Text in Pictures, Higher Engagement Means Worse Alignment The Batch AI News and Insights: U.S. policies are driving allies away from using American AI technology. Read more Popular Articles Introducing DeepLearning.AI Pro Oct 31, 2025 1 min read Reinforcement Learning Heats Up, White House Orders Muscular AI Policy, Computer Use Gains Momentum, Fine Control of Fine-Tuning Jan 29, 2025 13 min read DeepSeek Sharpens Its Reasoning: DeepSeek-R1, an affordable rival to OpenAI’s o1 Jan 22, 2025 4 min read Jan 23, 2026 Self-Driving Reasoning Models, ChatGPT Adds Ads, Apple’s Deal with Google, 3D Generation Pronto The Batch AI News and Insights: How can businesses go beyond using AI for incremental efficiency gains to create transformative impact? Jan 16, 2026 Governments vs. Grok, Meta Buys Agent Tech, Healthcare Chatbots, Limits of AI-Powered Retrieval The Batch AI News and Insights: Many people are fighting the growth of data centers because they could increase CO2 emissions, electricity prices, and water use. Jan 09, 2026 LLMs Go To Confession, Automated Scientific Research, What Copilot Users Want, Reasoning For Less The Batch AI News and Insights: We just launched a course that shows people who have never coded before, in less than 30 minutes, how to describe an idea for an app and build it using AI. Jan 02, 2026 New Year Special! Hopes for 2026 from David Cox, Adji Bousso Dieng, Juan M. Lavista Ferres, Tanmay Gupta, Pengtao Xie, Sharon Zhou The Batch AI News and Insights: Happy 2026! Will this be the year we finally achieve AGI? I’d like to propose a new version of the Turing Test, which I’ll call the Turing-AGI Test, to see if we’ve achieved this. Dec 26, 2025 Top Stories of 2025! Big AI Poaches Talent, Reasoning Models Boost Performance, Agents Write Code, Data Centers Drive GDP, China Turns the Tables The Batch AI News and Insights: Another year of rapid AI advances has created more opportunities than ever for anyone — including those just entering the field — to build software. Dec 17, 2025 OpenAI’s Answer to Gemini 3, Runway’s Interactive Worlds, Disney’s Alliance With OpenAI, Adapting LLMs for Low-Data Domains The Batch AI News and Insights: As amazing as LLMs are, improving their knowledge today involves a more piecemeal process than is widely appreciated. Dec 10, 2025 Claude Opus 4.5 Saves Tokens, White House Boosts AI-Powered Science, Amazon Exposes Nova 2 Pro Checkpoints, Small Models Solve Hard Puzzles The Batch AI News and Insights: If you have not yet built an agentic workflow, I encourage you to try doing so, using the simple recipe I’ll share here! Dec 03, 2025 Meta’s Open 3D Pipeline, World Labs’ Virtual Spaces, Baidu’s Multimodal Models, Coordinating Robot Teams The Batch AI News and Insights: Separate reports by the publicity firm Edelman and Pew Research show that Americans, and more broadly large parts of Europe and the western world, do not trust AI and are not excited about it. Nov 26, 2025 Google Rules Arena Leaderboards, Microsoft+Anthropic, Record Labels Back AI Music, Personality Control for LLMs The Batch AI News and Insights: Is there an AI bubble? With the massive number of dollars going into AI infrastructure such as OpenAI’s $1.4 trillion plan and Nvidia briefly reaching a $5 trillion market cap, many have asked if speculation and hype have driven the values of... Nov 19, 2025 Self-Driving On U.S. Freeways, Open LLM Tops Agentic Leaderboard, Anthropic Sparks Controversy, Efficient Agentic Search The Batch AI News and Insights: I just got back from AI Dev x NYC, the AI developer conference where our community gathers for a day of coding, learning, and connecting. Nov 12, 2025 Safer (and Sexier) Chatbots, Better Images Through Reasoning, The Dawn of Industrial AI, Forecasting Time Series The Batch AI News and Insights: I recently received an email titled “An 18-year-old’s dilemma: Too late to contribute to AI?” Its author, who gave me permission to share this, is preparing for college. Nov 05, 2025 OpenAI Reorgs For Profit, MiniMax-M2 Leads Open Coding, Universal Music Group Embraces AI, LLMs Go Private The Batch AI News and Insights: AI agents are getting better at looking at different types of data in businesses to spot patterns and create value. This is making data silos increasingly painful. Oct 29, 2025 Monsters of AI: AI Psychosis, Lethal Drones, Decaying Data, Speculative Bubbles The Batch AI News and Insights: Today I’m launching DeepLearning.AI Pro — the one membership that keeps you at the forefront of AI. Please join! Oct 22, 2025 Ling-1T Leads Non-Reasoning Performance, MCP Poses Security Risks, California Regulates AI, Auto-Tune for Agentic Prompts The Batch AI News and Insights: In last week’s letter, I explained how effective agentic AI development needs a disciplined evals and error analysis process, and described an approach to performing evals. Oct 15, 2025 DeepSeek Cuts Inference Costs, OpenAI Tightens Ties with AMD, Thinking Machines Simplifies Fine-Tuning, Robots Improve Spatial Awareness The Batch AI News and Insights: Readers responded with both surprise and agreement last week when I wrote that the single biggest predictor of how rapidly a team makes progress building an AI agent lay in their ability to drive a disciplined process for evals... Page 1 of 24 Older Posts Subscribe to The Batch Stay updated with weekly AI News and Insights delivered to your inbox Courses The Batch Community Careers About Contact Help